PMM-12390   MongoDB Backup / Service Name - Make the text search ca… (#1199)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/release-notes/2.41.1.md

## Improvements

> - [PMM-12390](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12390) - [Backup Management] Improved the search functionality for Service Name in MongoDB Backup to be case insensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PMM-12390](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12390) - [Backup Management]: The **Service name** field on the Create Backup pages is now case-insensitive, allowing for more comprehensive and accurate results retrieval.
```

Reviewer: Pls note, I also removed the reference to MongoDB because from what I checked this issue happened before selecting a technology. Let me know if this is not correct and needs to be added back in.

> 

Reviewer: The **Service name** field on the Create Backup pages is now case-insensitive, allowing for more comprehensive and accurate results retrieval.

Reviewer: This issue seemed to be technology-independent. Was it fixed only for Mongo?
